I've interviewed you before, Marcus, and you're very quotable.
We're talking with Marcus McCorrison at the Oregon Antiquarian Society.
Let's just start.
Do you believe that, as David Redden described to me, this is a golden age of book collecting?
Do you think there's so much talk with all these options that have gone on?
and the opportunities that have arisen with such as the Martin Sale, the Garden Sale, the Doheny Sale.
Let's just start with that.
Well, now that I think about it, of course, the Countess Doheny did are buying through the Rosenbach several generations ago.
So, by coming on the market such as it did and really brought up by individuals more so than institutions, I guess,
I think that's kind of what he was saying, too.
Well, could be.
And, of course, Bradley Martin had been collecting for 50 or 60 years or something like that.
So I look at those, especially Martin, as a golden collector.
The Countess Doheny, though, she was, well,
Yeah, people were...it was a nice thing to do, to get rid of her husband's ill-gotten gains.
Well, he was, he was a crook.
It's not the first time, though.
I mean, people have made sly allegations about John Carter Brown, too, I think.
Well, anyway, I don't think of her as a collector.
No, Bradley Martin Shirley was a collector.
What distinguishes the two?
What taste is the one word?
Well, but I think that ... Obviously, she was buying the books, but I'm not quite sure why she was buying the books, and they kind of ran all over the lot, you know, from Inconabula to California imprints without any
I would say, without any real focus on or probably any real intellectual involvement with the books that she was collecting.
And that is the difference between herself and Bradley Martin, for example, or any of the other, like Bob Taylor or any of the other great collectors.
You've given me two wonderful phrases over there.
You know, and Waller Barrett and so on.
Now, it's true that both those sales did send out into the market quantities of stuff.
I think there was... And the prices in California, Carmel were... Carmel?
Is that right?
California.
Well, it wasn't Carmel.
No, it was actually... Yeah.
I went up there for one of those sales.
Did you?
Yeah.
And when the Western stuff was being sold.
And it was fun to be there and saw a lot of people, I assume.
And we got a nice Stockton, California imprint out of it at a very high price.
Do you buy ... Do you do a sale?
No, let me finish this.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I think there was a lot of private buying at that sale, because, for one thing, the prices were so high.
But the stuff was scattered, well, to go into other collections.
The Bradley sale, Bradley Martin sale, you know, I think that some of my bookseller friends were actually buying for stock at that.
The prices weren't really as high as they could be, considering the quality of the material and condition and all that.
I bought three lots of Bradley sales.
They were affordable.
It was certainly a good deal of action from those folks out.
What is it?
Joseph, the provider, and a variety of those people.
I don't know whether they were buying on commission or whether they were buying for stock.
Generally speaking, I think that when they spend those sums of money, 50 or 60K, or more, when they're never spending more than $22,000, we can assume that they're buying for money.
Yeah, and there were, for example, the children, English, you know, Bunny Rabbit, what's her name, you know, the illustrator of Peter Rabbit, there were some wonderful examples of her work, and there were two or three collectors there, so those were people trying to fill in the most rare pieces, most uncommon pieces, out of his collection.
You and I have talked before when I did a piece
about the individual item as opposed to the depth and the breadth of the collection.
For instance, the AAS would love to own a Tamerlane.
The AAS doesn't.
The little copy that Dick Manning got, well, he'd pay like $200,000 for that.
Bradley Martins went for $150,000 to Bill Self, one of the people who will be sitting on L.A.
I don't even think you guys bid on that.
You were there.
Kind of explain the thinking for me on this.
That's an item you don't have, you'd love to have.
I'm sure if you searched hard enough you could get a consortium of people, perhaps, to contribute to such an acquisition.
And I don't know if you can or you can't, but maybe you could just kind of go into the thinking that goes into it.
Well, institutional collecting has to be different from the individual collector.
When I decide whether or not I should go for a piece like that or not, it has to be weighed against all the other things that we don't have, and it has to be weighed against the quality of the particular collection or particular niche that it's going into.
Thus, our pole collection is not one of the great collections, and although that's one of the
famous rarity is not going to make that much difference to the overall strength of the American Antiquarian Society collections and our ability to bibliograph and deserve scholars.
So it's not worth a hundred and—if somebody wanted to give it to us, that would be wonderful.
We'd love it.
But I'm not going out for something like that to raise a lot of money from—because I've got
My donors are so few that I have to treat them, you know, the only stuff that I have to have.
Well, a Tamerlane would not attract scholars, would not necessarily by itself attract scholars to the US.
The first printing of the Declaration is something else that I would dearly love to have here, and it ought to be here.
That went to big bucks.
And here again, you know, we're not ever going to go to try to bite.
And Shitey's, I think, will go to Princeton.
Sure.
There are a few floating around.
It's possible that we could get one as a gift, but it would be wonderful.
Well, I'll get a project.
I'll find out.
It would be wonderful to get it.
And that even makes more sense than Tamling by a long shot, I think, in a library collection.
From a bibliographic sense, what would a fresh plain of the decoration do for the collection?
It's just out of curiosity.
It doesn't do much.
What it does, it's the great cornerstone of American politics and history, and as such, it would be a great addition.
And it certainly would stand nicely, based on local instance, which is... Well, and the other printings of the declaration that we've got that are only a few days later and stuff.
And then think of Audubon.
You know, there's another great book that we... Tell me that story, will you?
Again, I'm gonna use that story.
Okay, yeah.
Well, as I recall it, the Audubon came here to sell his elephant photo set to the Antiquern Society, and the librarian, Sam Foster Haven, was busy when he first appeared, and was told to come back at 3 in the afternoon.
He came back at 3, and the place was locked up.
But I happened to notice, for some strange reason, a little article that I don't think I've ever read in our catalog the other day.
I was looking up something.
It's something about Audubon in Worcester.
So you should get that out and read about it, because it must tell the story.
That's Audubon and Worcester.
Yeah, look under John James Audubon.
Actually, there are a slew of cards, but there amongst them was this little card.
And I thought I should fish that out and read it and see what really happened.
Did it profile?
I mean, did it illumine what happened?
I just happened to see.
I didn't get the piece out.
I just happened to spot the card.
So he came back, and they were closed, and he left.
Yeah, and we never did.
Of course, we would have bought it for $1,000 in 1840, I don't know.
Yeah, I think your quote to me then was, he was just another bookseller then.
That's a great quote.
Now, the garden sale.
Of course, that was so loony.
I mean, that garden collection that we're talking about, the golden age of collectors.
That is so far off the wall.
That's a chapter, you know, in my book.
That's an ungentle madness or something.
I've done major, major research on that.
Yeah, I know.
But I mean, that guy is crazy.
I've got a letter to him requesting an interview.
He hasn't yet responded.
You're not quoting me when I say something like, Mr. O'Moore is crazy.
He is.
Don't worry about that.
I think that Nicholas is wrong.
If he says, you know, what's that's got to do about book collecting?
It's got everything to do with it.
Absolutely.
I mean, buying books like fine jewelry, you know, I'm just displaying my own... I wish it's... My own... This is something that should be said, by the way.
Prejudices or...
Well, treating it like it's an investment, in other words.
Well, yeah.
I mean, the real merit in book collecting, I think, is to build an intellectual whole, you know, an intellectual structure.
What was the other word you first said?
W-H-O-L-E.
That isn't as good as intellectual structure around
around an author or around a subject or something.
That, it seems to me, is what, that's the highest end of book collecting.
If one just buys, you know, this is wrong with what's wrong with Dick Manning.
He doesn't know what the hell he's buying.
You know, he's buying an Elliot Indian Bible, or he's buying a Tamarain, or he's buying something else.
So, he's got a lot of money to throw.
I'll tell you why you told me he started book collecting, by the way.
Because he ran out of something else.
Well, I suppose, you know, those are all legitimate reasons.
But the real merit, the real word, though, is even if the collection is sold and not retained as a collection, at least the individual has invested some intellect as well as just money.
I also have to read Tom Tanzel about the appointments.
He felt, he is on record as saying, he was kind of upset that while most of Bradley Martin's stuff, it was correct to put that out, Lucille, the ornithological stuff really should have been retained as a collection.
How do you feel about that?
The word stuff, I guess, was pretty extraordinary.
Yeah, it was a great, great big collection.
I guess there's much to say about that, except it's too bad that the... Of course, they broke up those original drawings that
should have been kept together apparently you know that apparently he'd offered that give that collection to cornell or i think cornell never answered or said it was all due i'm going to find out about that but and then he then he was going to give it to the smithsonian but he certainly had what i heard yeah but first of all he was supposed to offer it to cornell wouldn't know about that no i've forgotten steve asked steve weissman
He's the terrible gossip amongst them.
I've had lunch with Bart.
He's really very good.
Oh, he's terrific.
He's been around a long time.
He started at Seven Gables years ago.
He gave me some very good stuff.
I've got a chapter on Texas, by the way.
Luke Feldman.
Oh, L.D.F.
And L.D.F.
Cavallity.
You know how when I called him and we talked, he said, you're doing something on
in Texas.
He says, I want to tell you what the title of your chapter is.
That chapter has to be.
I said, no, I'll tell you what you're going to tell me.
He said, what?
I said, quality.
He said, you're right.
He said, you can come see me.
He said, okay.
He said, you're doing your homework.
That's a wonderful story.
I have to give you Warren Roberts.
The only one I haven't talked to yet is Deckard Turner.
I'll get him.
He's out there.
Well, I don't know.
He's hiding.
Nobody in Texas, this is going to go in my book, nobody in Texas knows how to get in touch with him.
I mean, he did not leave a telephone number where he can be contacted.
He left with such a huff that, anyway.
Oh, is that right?
Oh, yeah.
But Tom Staley's a very, very interesting guy.
That place is wonderful, by the way.
Again, my book is very good-hearted and good-spirited.
I come away from Texas
And I say, I don't care how much money they spent.
The money's no longer available, and look what they have.
And that speaks for itself.
And they love the stuff.
They take very good care of it.
Anyway, we are jumping right.
You're giving me some very good quotes here, by the way.
So anyway, as far as the golden age of book working, I don't know.
But that was just one way to open and get some quotes, and you gave me some good stuff.
How about...
What's this woman from the New York Times?
What makes a rare book look rare?
Do you have an answer for that?
What would you say?
What makes a book desirable?
All right, that's another word.
I think you have rare, you have scarce, you have desirable.
Well, scarcity doesn't necessarily make a book rare.
This could be the only copy of this notebook in the world.
Well, rare is the...
is a synonym, I think, for desirable.
Okay, good.
And there are infinite reasons for making any book.
Any book.
No, that isn't true, of course.
Many, many thousands, millions of books could be desirable for any, I mean, thousands and hundreds of reasons.
So, I don't, I think that's a,
Okay, but do you think desirable equates with valuable?
Monetarily?
Yeah.
Carol Ann, would you take the message, please?
Well, it doesn't equate with monetary value, necessarily.
Okay.
That's a worthwhile observation, because especially if the
Dealer doesn't know what he's got.
Tell me about it.
And then I get down and watch it.
I got some stuff in Washington last week.
I got a book I want to show you sometimes.
I want this on the tape.
I typed it.
What was that book?
Okay, we're talking about scarcity, rarity.
And you could say that, on the whole, you would just... You'll not touch that as a... Well, you know, I mean, I think that the...
The traditional view of rarity falls about incanabula and Renaissance books and high literature and things like that.
It takes on the aspect of cachet, but a collectible book or desirable book can be
Supply and demand, the woman said in Washington last week, Michelle Kier, Larry McMurtry's partner.
She said she was asked that question by Paul Volker at a dinner party, what makes a rare book rare.
She said, I said, supply and demand, sir.
I mean, you should understand that.
If there are more people who want a certain item, that makes it valuable, I guess.
That makes it rare, which is a good answer.
Fans come and go, you know, though.
And a rare book, a very scarce and desirable book.
both can be up in the market and then fall away off and be available very cheaply and then another generation or two they'll go back up in fashion.
Longfellow now, you can pick up for a song.
I mean, nobody was interested in the Longfellow stuff at the market sale.
Poe is hot, but Hemingway, I mean, who can believe the prices on Edgar Rice Bone and Mickey Mouse as opposed to some of the 19th century classics.
Do you feel that
The fashion.
Do you think that literary merit equates with monetary value?
What you have to pay for something can be related to its worth, its stature, its reputation.
And the reason I raise this, I'm talking specifically about the Americana sale of Bradley Martin's stuff.
He had a very fine high spot collection of American literature.
And you had the same dealers there buying Hemingway.
And of course, Hemingway is hot.
Faulkner is hot.
Forget John O'Hara, he isn't existing.
Or Emily Dickinson, Walt Whitman, crazy.
Lafcadio Heard, but the Japanese are interested in Lafcadio Heard.
Just in general, can you make any observations on that?
Lafcadio Heard.
Did you see the prices?
Yeah, I remember.
But it was the Japanese.
But that was a wild card in that whole sale of Love Cardio.
Everything else kind of made sense.
Hearn didn't make sense, I don't think.
I guess that's probably something, you know, maybe that's something that's perhaps better to say.
Well, I think you can take a look at Cooper, because I'm particularly well with Cooper.
When we started buying Cooper seriously, well, we
been collecting Cooper for years.
I mean, Clarence Brigham had gotten most of his first editions, many of his first editions, many of his first American editions, a long, long ago.
When I started up again on Cooper, we were buying Cooper hand over fist at very, very cheap prices.
We didn't have a first edition of The Spy.
I bought that for like $1,400, 25 or 25 years ago.
Was it in Scratch?
No.
That's a lot of money, wasn't it?
Not then, and there's going a lot more now.
And all of his ordinary books are going, I mean, we used to be able to buy them for $35 and things like that.
Now they're $750 or whatever.
And, you know, whether that's supply and demand or it's fashion, there's still plenty of Cooper around, but the price is up.
I think he finally came back into his own as a significant American author, and whether or not it was because of the Library of... The Cooper edition of Pierre Clark and at AIS that kind of brought him back into... And Library of America.
That just came out a couple years ago.
It started 25 years ago.
So, I don't know.
It's partly supply and demand.
It's partly fashion.
But you're right, a lot of authors are not necessarily beneath contempt, but beneath the profitable level.
Children's books.
Unbelievable.
Why are suddenly children's books?
They used to be despised.
What do you think?
We used to have, frankly, a clear market.
How would you rank your collection of children's books?
Oh, in the U.S.?
Yeah.
Number one.
Absolutely.
Number one at all.
Let the record show that Mr. McCorsen put it down.
What the single did you think of?
Oh, well, listen, hey, do you want to run through the list?
Where were the best?
Yeah, sure.
Well, American fiction generally, and to your cutoff date of 1876.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
And I mean the whole range.
Come on.
Not necessarily the American West, perhaps, but we're very close there.
We've got a wonderful collection.
We're going to have a big spring around our American West collection for the hell of a time.
I don't know that it matches up with any.
Tell me some of the things.
This is the time, you know.
It's good to see.
Oh, you want this for your book?
It's good.
Oh.
Well, have you gotten a copy of the guide to our collections?
Yeah, but I want to hear you say it.
Oh, well.
I know what you're pre-eminent.
I mean, I'm not totally naive as to look at that.
American imprints, generally, up to 1820, and then enormous collections afterwards with our specialties of American fiction.
Not American verse, although we've got a huge collection of American verse, but I don't think it's as good as Brown's, for example, or Library of Congress.
But we cataloged our slavery books for a special project, the special grant money.
And I don't know, we cataloged some 2,500 of them on slavery and anti-slavery.
And I said, well, did we ever go through our miscellaneous pamphlets, pull out the pamphlets that aren't cataloged on slavery?
No, we didn't do that.
About 4,000.
Wow.
Just on slavery.
Geez.
In the anti-slavery movement of the 19th century, and politics, religion.
Well, would you say, would you suggest that maybe your slavery holdings are better even than anything you might find in the South?
Well, yes, definitely that, but the strong collections would be at the Library of Congress.
various other places.
But the point is that we really rival L.C., I think, for American printed material up through 1876.
That doesn't mean that we have the best collection of Poe or things like that, but we don't, but taken as a overall,
See, that's the point that you made, and I really want to get that in here, is that it's the collection that makes a collection.
I mean, it's not the individual item.
Nobody's going to travel here from Oxford to study post-Hammerling, I think, but they will certainly come here for American literature.
For American literature, that wonderful book that that fellow did a year or two ago on American Renaissance.
That was a spectacular book.
It was done entirely here.
David Reynolds.
You couldn't do that anymore?
Beneath the American Renaissance.
Yeah, you couldn't do that.
Bill Freeling is here from Johns Hopkins working on his second volume on the Civil War and all.
He said, you know, he just can't believe it, what we've got here, and how thorough it is.
He said he's got everything here.
Isn't that wonderful?
What kind of a, now this also is a theme that will work through my book, because
One of the themes is the debt of scholarship.
I kind of applied this in my book collecting column yesterday, which I didn't see.
We didn't get a pretty big column.
I'll make sure you get one of these.
I do mention the AAS and Isaiah Thomas.
The debt that institutions such as this have, maybe debt is too short of the word, to private collectors starting with Isaiah Thomas.
Can you comment at all on that?
Would you say that a lot of what you have, do you owe to the beneficence of private collecting?
No question about it.
I really ought to not be able to just off the top of my head kind of recite
a long list of donors who've given us our... You might want to think about that even a little.
We can talk again about it at some point.
But, you know, Tom Streeter, for example, gave us a large collection of material on canals and railroads, which, for the early period, we got the best collection of railroad and canality ports.
I got Bradley Martin's set of the Streeter catalog.
I bought that at the sale.
I got his set of a B.A.L.
signed by Brad.
I think it was 50 bucks for him.
It's just very fair.
And I did get one just for myself.
It's a biblioteca of Pharma... Pharma Coppia?
Yeah.
It's a beautiful book.
And I'd take a look at that.
I'm very happy to have that.
And... Well, I'd say Tom Street.
And then we got a collection of Alexander Hamilton.
I'm trying to think of who the donor was for that book plate.
for all of that material years ago.
And William O. Taylor, I think they call him General Taylor, of the Globe, sent us for years, box after box, kind of monthly, early American imprints, and particularly books illustrated with American, with American books illustrated with lithographs.
We've got this fabulous collection of books with plates.
Is this stuff that he collected?
Yeah.
That he acquired with you as my name was?
And, of course, Michael Papantonio with his bindings, and we have a huge collection of early American hymnals that came from Bishop Peach.
I think we bought those years ago.
And, well, this Leeds collection, which we bought, but still, he made it really available to us, especially.
He collected it with us in mind, I think.
You think so?
Is there something that could bear that out, do you think?
That would be great.
Do you think there'd be something in the correspondence?
No.
Yeah, you could talk to him.
He's up in Prado Park in Vermont.
I like you with us in mind.
That's wonderful.
That's a wonderful little insight.
And then, of course, there's all the dealers that have a great affection, or if that's the right word,
whatever, great regard, let's say, for the Antigone Society, and they do their best to steer their best stuff to us when they think it's going to be, we're not going to have it, and it's within our scope.
And our scope, you know, is not really the most expensive books, but the most interesting intellectually, and I should tell you something about how people were, what people were thinking, how they were thinking.
So that's what the Anachron Society is all about.
It's a research collection.
It isn't a collection.
There are rare books here, but the point is there are rare books here, but there's thousands of them.
They're not here because they're rare.
They're out here only because they're rare.
The bass album did come from Isaiah Thomas, I think, right?
Didn't Isaiah get that?
We've gotten, oh, nothing around.
It was William Bentleys of Salem.
And Isaiah Thomas, I've forgotten what
first date.
I think, oh, I know about it.
Thomas, I think, describes it in his history of printing as being Gently's.
And then by 1812, Thomas has bought it.
Because when he lists his books that he's giving to the American clearance audience, it's in that list of books.
In this chapter where I'll be profiling Thomas, this chapter is going to focus on Thomas
Jeremy Belbeth, who I really like a lot.
I'm going to start with Logan, of course.
I'll throw it out there.
I don't forget Bentley.
Bentley?
William Bentley.
One, there's a wonderful diary, okay, that the Essex Institute published, yes, and has been reprinted.
And he had a huge collection.
Where did it go?
No, he died before the Essence Institute was established.
Some of them went out to Allegheny College.
They had a big collection of German books.
Okay.
I forgot.
Colonial?
Maybe.
He's colonial there?
Well, they're not.
They're European books.
But I mean, he personally is what, a colonial collector?
Yeah.
He died in 1819 or something.
Okay.
So he parallels this same period as Thomas.
and uh he's a correspondent of scientists in europe and does he talk in his diary about his collecting yeah because there's a diary of humphrey warmly which i'm using in my chapter two right who was the collector let me know by the way we can always resume this so you should look into him he's a very significant he had a huge question william bentley yeah i've not seen him mentioned anywhere which is really good well you should
And Winthrop, too.
Do you know John Winthrop?
I know John Winthrop.
Now, this is a major collector, right?
Yeah.
I mean, because there are so many collectors, but I'm really looking for collectors that have good stories to tell, like Isaiah, Logan.
Well, look into him.
I quoted Ed Wolfe.
There is stuff on family, you know.
Okay, I'll find it.
And just tell me, the reason I mention this is I will recall, even though Ed Wolfe is certainly not a contemporary of Logan, he knows him.
He wrote about it, and he worked with him.
And while you are carrying a flame by Isaiah Thomas, can you tell me a little bit?
Tell me a little bit what you think about him.
Can you give me some insights into this character, Isaiah Thomas?
What is collecting?
Was he obsessed?
What do you think?
Was he a bibliolaniac with his grandson?
Yes, he was.
Did he really collect or write the book, or did the book really kind of just evolve as a consequence of all this collecting?
This society basically was formed as a repository for his stuff.
That is correct.
Yes, he was a book collector.
He was a collector, let's say.
I mean, not necessarily just books, but stuff.
What we call today ephemera, books, newspapers, the whole range.
Well, first of all, he was a printer, and he was very intelligent, and he became, because of his intelligence and all, he became extremely
interested in the history of his craft.
Now, that's not unusual on printers, I think.
I mean, old hand printers, and still scholarly printers today that take great pride in the craft of printing, and his traditions, and his history.
You can find them around like Rocky Steinauer, or people down at Yale.
There's been a lot of those, Ray Nash, and lots of
lots of people around who've been obsessed with the history of their craft.
I think Thomas really was one of those.
And he was interested in books as examples of printing, of the history of printing, and he bought in Cannabula.
He collected, he tried to collect, he knew something about the history of printing, you see, European printing, the beginnings of printing in Europe.
So, he tried to collect examples of European printing that were famous, like Robert Hestien, or Stephen Roberts, the royal printers in Paris, and so on, and he had a couple of pieces of Incarnabula and stuff.
He didn't have much, and it would be very difficult for him to collect them as he was commissioning it to buy them.
Do you know what I'm writing here?
He made a connection between Isaiah Thomas and Samuel Pepys, and that went through Pepys Library.
He collected for precisely, among many other reasons, but he was fascinated by examples of dandy.
Then I think he, then I think Thomas, he started collecting American newspapers, you know, while he was still active in printing, as a businessman.
in the 1790s when he was buying up newspapers.
And so he was doing that, probably looking toward the history of printing up to his time, colonial printing.
And then, of course, you can see books that he's printed where you've got a little book upstairs where he
The text is American, the engraving is American, the binding is American, and he has this little thing about that.
And then he had his library bound up, you know, just spectacular.
It must have been glorious, gorgeous.
Most of them, unfortunately, are in pretty tough shape now.
But, so he was a real bibliophile.
He was a real collector, but he was also looking, and I consider him a real collector.
He wasn't buying just this and that.
He was buying books with an intellectual purpose, just like Logan did.
I mean, you know, he was a real intellect and buying books.
In fact, he wasn't buying books.
He was buying books to form a library for his own
intellectual interests rather than collecting books.
That would be representative.
Logan did the same thing.
Well, I'm talking about Logan.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I thought you were talking about Isaiah.
No, Thomas didn't have that breadth of intellectual stuff.
He wasn't a collector of the true sense.
He saw functional stuff.
Does this film make... Oh, shoot.
McKenzie, down in Philadelphia.
Did Ed mention him?
No.
Who did, who was collecting books that we now think of as rare.
I mean, as examples of... I'm going out of Philly next week.
William McKenzie, and his collect, his books, many of them are at the library company now.
Okay.
But he seemed to be a serious, big book collector, something like Bradley Martin, for example.
some of the same impulses uh you were going to say one thing and you didn't finish it was about this is back a bit mr christian you were saying why nicholas is wrong why oh the garden oh well he's told nicholas said to you you know what does this have to do a book collecting yeah well my answer is that there has to be this
intellectual vision of what you're collecting, that you form some kind of an intellectual hole or intellectual structure with your books.
And this apparently... Well, of course, that's what Haven Omura thought he was doing, wasn't he?
He thought he was... Well, it was all high spots.
He was collecting the monuments of world thoughts, perhaps.
315 lots.
Yeah.
He hadn't had enough time to do that.
You have a lot of money.
Tell me where you want to wrap up.
What else have you got on your list?
Okay, I think we've covered a lot of the things.
Maybe, could you think of anybody who might recommend my seeing out in California?